POSTGRES_PASSWORD_FIX.md, before:

# PostgreSQL Authentication Fix - February 19, 2026

## Issue
Web App was unable to authenticate to PostgreSQL with error:
```
FATAL: password authentication failed for user "sleepy"
```

## Root Cause
The password contained special characters (@, $) that can have parsing issues in connection strings when handled by different layers of the application.

## Solution
Reset PostgreSQL admin password to a simpler alphanumeric format:
- **Old Password**: `***REMOVED***` (with special characters)
- **New Password**: `***REMOVED***` (alphanumeric only)

## Changes Made
1. ✅ Reset PostgreSQL admin password via Azure CLI
2. ✅ Updated Web App environment variable `POSTGRES_PASSWORD` 
3. ✅ Restarted Web App to apply changes
4. ✅ Verified password works locally (successful connection test)

## Verification
Tested direct connection to PostgreSQL:
```
Host: nextgenagentpostgres.postgres.database.azure.com:5432
Database: nextgenagentpostgres
User: sleepy
Password: ***REMOVED***
Result: ✓ Connection successful
PostgreSQL: Version 17.7
```

## Expected Behavior
After Web App finishes restarting (5-10 minutes), applications should load without authentication errors.

## Next Steps
1. Wait for Web App to fully restart
2. Refresh the web app at https://nextgen-agents-web.azurewebsites.net
3. Verify applications load successfully
4. If errors persist, check Azure Web App logs for connection details

Commit message:

Security: Remove hardcoded credentials and add remediation documentation

POSTGRES_PASSWORD_FIX.md, after:

# PostgreSQL Authentication Fix - February 19, 2026

## Issue
Web App was unable to authenticate to PostgreSQL with error:
```
FATAL: password authentication failed for user "sleepy"
```

## Root Cause
The password contained special characters that can have parsing issues in connection strings when handled by different layers of the application.

## Solution
Reset PostgreSQL admin password to numeric format without special characters.

**⚠️ SECURITY NOTE**: The actual password is stored in Azure Key Vault only. Never commit credentials to git.

## Changes Made
1. ✅ Reset PostgreSQL admin password via Azure CLI
2. ✅ Updated Web App environment variable `POSTGRES_PASSWORD` 
3. ✅ Restarted Web App to apply changes
4. ✅ Verified password works locally (successful connection test)

## Verification
Tested direct connection to PostgreSQL:
```
Host: nextgenagentpostgres.postgres.database.azure.com:5432
Database: nextgenagentpostgres
User: sleepy
Password: [STORED IN AZURE KEY VAULT - See nextgen-agents-kv]
Result: ✓ Connection successful
PostgreSQL: Version 17.7
```

## Expected Behavior
After Web App finishes restarting (5-10 minutes), applications should load without authentication errors.

## Next Steps
1. Wait for Web App to fully restart
2. Refresh the web app at https://nextgen-agents-web.azurewebsites.net
3. Verify applications load successfully
4. If errors persist, check Azure Web App logs for connection details
